NAME                                          READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Init:0/1            0          74s
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Init:0/1            0          74s
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Init:0/1            0          74s
pulsar-mini-bookie-init-n6tnm                 0/1     Init:0/1            0          74s
pulsar-mini-broker-0                          0/1     Init:0/2            0          74s
pulsar-mini-broker-1                          0/1     Init:0/2            0          74s
pulsar-mini-grafana-77c7888bd6-vth5h          0/1     ContainerCreating   0          74s
pulsar-mini-prometheus-5d78c66d5f-xzt2r       0/1     ContainerCreating   0          74s
pulsar-mini-proxy-0                           0/1     Init:0/2            0          74s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-init-hjk78                 0/1     Init:0/2            0          74s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-manager-6d7d86d78b-shcmv   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          74s
pulsar-mini-toolset-0                         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          74s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-0                       0/1     ContainerCreating   0          74s
pulsar-mini-bookie-init-n6tnm                 0/1     Init:0/1            0          6m17s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-init-hjk78                 0/1     Init:0/2            0          6m18s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-manager-6d7d86d78b-shcmv   1/1     Running             0          7m18s
pulsar-mini-toolset-0                         1/1     Running             0          7m19s
pulsar-mini-proxy-0                           0/1     Init:0/2            0          7m21s
pulsar-mini-grafana-77c7888bd6-vth5h          1/1     Running             0          8m12s
pulsar-mini-broker-1                          0/1     Init:0/2            0          8m13s
pulsar-mini-broker-0                          0/1     Init:0/2            0          8m14s
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Init:0/1            0          8m16s
pulsar-mini-prometheus-5d78c66d5f-xzt2r       1/1     Running             0          8m28s
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Init:0/1            0          8m30s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-0                       0/1     Running             0          8m31s
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Init:0/1            0          8m32s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-0                       1/1     Running             0          8m47s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-1                       0/1     Pending             0          0s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-1                       0/1     Pending             0          0s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-1                       0/1     Pending             0          2s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-1                       0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-1                       0/1     Running             0          4s
pulsar-mini-zookeeper-1                       1/1     Running             0          34s
pulsar-mini-bookie-init-n6tnm                 0/1     PodInitializing     0          9m21s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-init-hjk78                 0/1     Init:1/2            0          9m21s
pulsar-mini-bookie-init-n6tnm                 1/1     Running             0          9m22s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-init-hjk78                 0/1     Init:1/2            0          9m22s
pulsar-mini-bookie-init-n6tnm                 0/1     Completed           0          9m36s
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     PodInitializing     0          9m41s
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     PodInitializing     0          9m41s
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Running             0          9m43s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-init-hjk78                 0/1     PodInitializing     0          9m43s
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Running             0          9m43s
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     PodInitializing     0          9m44s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-init-hjk78                 1/1     Running             0          9m45s
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Running             0          9m46s
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Error               0          9m59s
pulsar-mini-pulsar-init-hjk78                 0/1     Completed           0          9m59s
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Error               0          9m59s
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Error               0          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Running             1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Running             1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Running             1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Error               1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Error               1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Error               1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Running             2          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Running             2          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    1          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Running             2          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Error               2          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Error               2          10m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Error               2          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    2          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    2          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    2          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Running             3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Running             3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Running             3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Error               3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Error               3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Error               3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    3          11m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Running             4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Running             4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Running             4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Error               4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Error               4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Error               4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    4          12m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Running             5          13m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Running             5          14m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Running             5          14m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     Error               5          14m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     Error               5          14m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Error               5          14m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    5          14m
pulsar-mini-bookie-2                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    5          14m
pulsar-mini-bookie-0                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff    5          14m
pulsar-mini-bookie-1                          0/1     Running             6          16m
